Hey everyone, welcome back to the development module. Today we'll be going
through cleanup
and optimizations to the app we previously built, which is a Kali i competitor.
So I've
gone out and done the courtesy of building and refining the app for you. The
reason I
did this off camera is because I feel like it's a better use of my time to just
explain
and show you how to do the high revenue level pulling items rather than just
copy pasting
code that I've just taken from quitter. So this is the new app. We have a
splash screen.
We now have a welcome view. The tutorial is relatively the same. I've just
changed it
a little bit of logic, but like all the code will be in the app mafia document.
You guys
should be able to download this and you should be good to go. So skip quiz will
bring us to
a new page which asks your name. This is very important to make the app feel
more personal
and also your age. So this age is extremely important because we're going to be
sending
you to a different paywall or triggering a different paywall, depending on your
age
group. And as I explained previously, or maybe I explain it later on, yeah, it
might be a
few lessons ahead in the super lesson. But pushing a user down a different pay
wall shows
you the data on conversion rates full at demographic, which helps you make
better informed decisions
when it comes to marketing. Because if you can see under 18s are converting
like trash,
you're not going to work with creators or run ads towards people that under 18.
Whereas
like if you see that the demographic of 28 to 30 is doing extremely well, the
converter
converter is extremely high, you'll be more, it'll be more beneficial for you
to put more
eggs in that basket rather than under 18s. So collecting it here is very
important. I've
done all the logic for you, but we will, I will run through and explain how we
'll set
up different campaigns for different age groups. So yeah, let's finish. I've
also added a choose
your goals thing. This just adds a little bit more friction, a little bit more
intentionality,
which helps conversion rate at the end. We calculate, I probably should add a
few more
slides and I probably will, you'll see in the GitHub, it might be slightly
different.
But again, I'm going to explain you the high, high revenue level pulling things
we can do
so you can make more money on your onboarding and we'll be building that out
together.
So now it says complete, you get a chart. This is very important, rate the app.
The more
five stars it has in the app store, the more trust you build. We also had this
screen now,
which is welcome to Kali Eye, your path to healthy eating. Based on your
answers, we've
built a plan just for you. It's designed to help you lose 25 pounds in 90 days.
So you're
setting the target and expectations straight away. Now it's time to invest in
yourself.
Boom, your custom plan is ready. And this get get started button should open
the paywall,
we haven't built the logic. So let's build the logic. So first off, when it
says Alex,
your custom plan is ready. I'm going to copy this stuff. Custom plan. So you
should come
people with you, right? People, people view. Okay, we'll put this here. And
instead of saying
Alex, I'm just going to make it say, I put bracket name, this should pull the
name from
whatever you put during the onboarding. So that's great. User name actually.
Okay. So
now instead of saying Alex, it'll dynamically change based on what the user put
in. Again,
this will all be in the GitHub code. But let's build the logic for the let's
get started
button. Let's get started. This triggers view controller, press button, and
then the
brackets. This links to a, like this links to back end logic where it checks
the user's
age based on what it inputted during the onboarding. And if it's, you know,
below 22,
it will put you in the 18 to 22 category. If it's below 28, or put you in the
23 to 28
category. If it's below 40, or put you in the 29 40 category. And you can
change this.
However, you like if I want to have a broader age range, I might go to 26 and
then change
will change this 24 and change this to 26. And that will capture a smaller and
more nuanced
age range. And of course, like the, the, that gives you better data on like
which age range
has the most revenue. You can even dumb it down to like the actual age. So
instead of
an age range, we can just go 18, 19, 20, 21, 22. And maybe 22 has a 5%
conversion rate
over 21. And so it actually makes more sense to invest in 22. But we'll keep it
how it
was before I think it was completely fine. Now, this is the most important part
. You see
versus placement. This is the event that you took on Superwall. So if you're
happy with
these age ranges, and we're going to do it for the sake of the tutorial, we're
just
going to copy these placement names, go into arc or whatever browser you're
using, go
into the Superwall, go into campaigns, and then start a new campaign. We're
going to
call this under 18, we'll start under 18s. And then top left by placements, you
click
the plus the blue plus button, you click select and you just paste in the name.
So under 18,
add placement. And then we'll go into payables, add a paywall. And then I guess
we'll just
do the example paywall for now. And then set this to 100% of users. Oh shit,
100% remove
this 100% from this one. Okay, great. Now, what we can do is we can just
believe we can
just duplicate it, right? duplicate. Shit. Okay, maybe not duplicate. We might
have to
manually do it every single time, which is totally fine. You just go to a new
campaign
again. By the way, this is the first one fully set up. So now if I set my ages
under 18,
I will be traded with a paywall. And we can test this right now as well. Let me
just uninstall
the app. I had I have a back end check to see if they've reached the paywall.
And if they
have reached the payroll, then it needs to be the onboarding again, which is
great.
Because if they skip all the questions, they usually log back in if they're
really high
tent. They're like, okay, I'm going to pay this time, tap the button pay. So
you don't
want to get into the onboarding again, because they might just quit and you'll
lose that on
that revenue. So I'll show you proof that this works now. So if I set my name
as, we'll
change it with click Billy. My age is 17. So this is under 18. I should be able
to see
the paywall now. All right. Not now next. Okay, that's also hate Alex, but I
don't think
I changed that. Hey, Alex will paste in the name here, same backward arrow,
user name,
and we'll just pull that from the, it will be. Okay, that should be good. This
should
say, hey, Billy now, okay, Billy, your custom plan is ready. All right, we'll
get back to
this. Sorry about that. Okay, so now I should be able to access the under 18
paywall because
I set my age of 17. So there we go. Now it's triggered and this data will be
transmuted
back to the Superwall platform. And it should, if I wasn't on a simulator, it
should say
one users. And if I were to pay, it would say $20 in proceeds. Now this is
great. And
I'll show you quit as breakdown right here. I'm going to go through this later
in a different
segment to, but if you see quit as breakdown, all the revenue for today is very
clear. Under
18s has likely the most traffic, but the least amount of proceeds. Okay, you
see that right
here, but the 23 to 28 range has the highest conversion rate. And like the most
revenue
per user. So it's very informative to do this. And look, we'll just set up the
rest of the
campaign so you guys are aware how to do it. Go back to paywall logic. And then
18 to 22.
By the way, you can call the campaign anything. I usually just do this. So 18
to 22, placements,
top left, paste 18 to 22. And then add the same paywall as before. Or you can
change
the paywall and change the pricing. This is very good when it comes to testing
how to
maximize revenue. And again, we go into this in a future segment. So save that.
Go back into new campaign. This one's 23 to 28. And we'll just copy the
placement is
23 to 28. Very simple stuff at the paywall again. By the way, I'm, I feel like
I'm the
first to do this, at least in the Super Bowl breakdown. A lot of people send
the traffic
to the said all the traffic to the same paywall and just hope for the best. And
I wish
I would have done this sooner because ever since I found out that 23 to 28 age
range
converted the best, all of our meta rads were shifted towards that age range.
We're
now super, super profitable. So you guys are loving the fucking secrets right
here.
Right. So 29 to 40 entries. This is extremely large gap. And maybe I recommend,
you know,
lowering this, but this is what we're going to do for now. Example paywall. All
right.
And then above 40 is the final one over 40. All right, guys, you are now fully
set up.
And the app will change the paywall and change the direction of data depending
on the age
you put in onboarding massive, massive progress. Good shit. So all right. That
's the first thing
that helps you boost revenue. That's the first step. Let's see what else we got
. We also have
show notification off the five minutes. Okay, this is a really fun one. And I
love doing
this. Anytime someone reaches the paywall and they don't convert. And of course
, like
the majority will not convert. We'll just ping them with notification saying,
Hey,
Alex, whatever name they use during onboarding. Like we, like you made it so
far that you're
about to invest in yourself. You're about to invest in your new life. Here's 80
% off,
just in case you are on the edge of buying and you were like uncertain such
change your
mind last second. This code will copy from quitter. I believe 80% if I search
that. Here
we go. Yeah. So there's notification right here. So private funds schedule
notification.
This will be in the GitHub code. We will trigger this at the people. So we'll
send on appear.
The first let's build the funk. So funk right here. And then on appear schedule
notification.
Okay, we can remove this as firebase. We don't need that. And yeah, so it's, it
goes username.
We didn't give up on you limited time offer, get 80% off of Cal AI and become
the healthiest
version of yourself. And you can say we have an amazing community and 35 plus
features.
This is kind of fluff. Probably don't need that. But this will catch their
attention
and they will be like, okay, holy shit. I got a subscribe. I was so close to
being the
best version of myself. And I've just been reminded. I've just pushed this for
in the
user's mind that this is the key. I need Cal AI. And so that little nudge
really helps
conversion rates. And I can show you from my end what that looks like on the
bottom
line revenue side of things. We call this discount button. We show the button
after
five minutes. And it's right here. Of course, revenue super low today, but like
you can
just estimate. So discount button has a 10% conversion rate and 500 users of
the three
and a half K view this screen. So we make an extra 1000 a day or like almost 20
% extra
a day just by this notification is discount button. On that note, let's create
the discount
button. It's right here discount you. So we'll just copy the discount view.
Again, I'll
provide this code in GitHub. There's a lot of copy and pasting discount. So it
's boring
because there's a lot of copy and pasting, but it's so worth it. Dot background
dot white.
Okay, cool. Looks good. And then I'm sure we just put the discount code viewed
discount
code view inside the payroll, right discount view. Okay, yeah, great. So we
just copied
this, go into the paywall and put it underneath the main target discount view.
Now what this
does is as soon as you view the page, it starts counting down from a five
minute timer. After
five minutes, you get hit the notification and you also get hit with a discount
button.
So very flawless logic. That's great. Boost revenue by a thousand dollars a day
for us.
So extra 30k month. No complaining, no complaining. Let's also go to what else?
Short cuts. So
I love shortcuts. And I'll explain why. Anytime you try and uninstall quitter,
there's two
buttons. There's one. Are you deleting? Like tell us why. Send your feedback.
Like let's
improve the app for you. Let's make this experience better. And we learned a
lot about how our
users feel about our product and continuously iterate and improve to the point
where the
conversion rate increases because we solve all the problems that people were
having in
the past. Now the main request we get is that we're too expensive and we
shouldn't be monetizing
the ditch and etc. But having this button shows you care. There is a second
button, but it
could be because I've already paid that I don't see it. But I can pull it up on
my phone.
And we'll be building it out. This is the important button. Let's see. Okay. I
can just
show you on my phone. So the second button, as you can see, is try for free. So
this button,
once you click it, and I'll click it right here, we'll open the app and trigger
the
payroll trigger a payroll that gives you a free trial to quit. Now all of our
apps,
Kali I quitter, you max, etc. are hard pay old, meaning that you can't access
anything
free. And it's just a funnel to convert you. The reason we offer a free trial
is because
people holding on the app and long pressing on the app are usually just going
to delete
it. So as a last ditch attempt, we give them free trial. And if they like the
product,
then they stick around and we make revenue from it. And I can show you the
revenue from
quit as in for what we make in free trials. As you can see right here, we had
200 people
that were about to uninstall, but saw the free trial button and then clicked it
. And
then from that, we have 20 conversions, so around a 10% conversion rate. And
today we've
made $81. Now doesn't seem like a lot. Again, there's also like a time
discrepancy on it.
We have to wait a week or three days. I'm not sure. But if I change this to the
last 90 days,
we can see how much bottom line revenue is generated. And it has done $12,000
in the last 90 days of
people that were about to uninstall, that ended up staying, giving us a try and
enjoying the product.
Now, of course, these people are the most, they are the lowest intent. They
didn't want to invest
themselves at first. They like hesitant, start a free trial. And usually they
probably have no money.
But like we still make thousands of dollars off of that small probability. So
at scale,
I do totally recommend it. I think it's a great idea. So let me show you how we
build that.
All right. So I've written GPT and I pretty much copied Quitters scene delegate
, where we trigger
the update quick actions button. So anytime the app is launched, it displays
these shortcuts.
I for instance, I did a GPT and it gave us like this complete mess of code,
which again will be
linked below. I just pasted it in and it's seemingly working. So if we hold
down the Kali I app now,
there's a deleting tell us why button and a try for free button, which is great
. Now we just need
to link this back to Superwall and get it fully set up. So this is Twitter. Let
's get back to
TI. All right. So here, item dot append quick actions. So how do I do the
action? Is it down here?
Okay. So this is the action. So we're going to do Superwall dot shared dot
what was it? Superwall dot shared dot register. I don't know why it's called
registers with
placement. We'll pull this free underscore trial. And that should be good to go
. Okay, great.
And then for this one, you can do a link to a Google form. It's very simple. I
have to do that
online. I can show you how we do it for quitter.
Okay. So this is how we do it for quitter. When the actions performed, we do
open URL.
The code to open URL is right here. Just copy this line and we'll bring it over
to
Cal AI as well. Paste this at the top. Wait, maybe like this.
Okay, that works. And then when it comes to, oh, actually, it should be like
here.
And then when it comes to sending feedback, what you got to do is do open, open
URL,
and then link the URL. So it should be, I believe it's like URL underscore
value.
Let me pull the exact thing we do. Open URL.
So yeah, this is the code used for the URL. I guess we just paste this at the
top as well.
And then put in your Google form. So this is the one we use to collect feedback
for quitter.
You can make a Google form and put in whatever link you need to here as well.
And then just do open URL, website URL. And the quick, and then the annual plan
quick action
should register the free trial, which will set up a super right now. So we'll
set up a,
let's go to Cal AI. And we'll just go to templates. Or let's find a good free
trial ish template.
Something like this, actually like this is better. So we use this template.
We'll call it free trial. Free trial, you will never see this again, etc, etc.
We don't need to
add a product. You guys can add a product after the fact. And then we'll create
a brand new campaign.
We'll call this one free underscore trial.
And we'll also call the placement free underscore trial.
And then we'll add the brand new free trial paywall. So that is at the top
create changes to
a hundred percent change to zero percent, save, save,
re launch the app. So we use command or build succeeded. Good shit. Good shit.
And then if you hold down on the Cal AI app, just as you're about to delete it,
you're prompted with two things. One, are you deleting? Tell us why. And this
will open the website.
And they're try for free. Well, it's not fucking working. Are you serious?
Right, it's not working, but we'll fix this right now.
All right, you know what boys, I will just add the code to the GitHub that
works.
Chai GPT is having issues right now. But yeah, just down at the GitHub code,
everything is linked.
Just make sure you follow the suitable tutorial on how to set the campaigns.
And you should be all good out of the box. Peace out.